Any other questions?
>> How do you handle caching?
>> All right, how do you handle caching?
Okay, there's a lot of different ways,
when you talk about caching,
there's a lot of different
meanings of caching.
So let's start in the resolvers.
So one way you can cache is cache
the response from the database,
the query that you did, and that way,
there's something that's called-
DataLoader.
So DataLoader is also created by
Facebook and it works for GraphQL and
it's basically an in-memory store for
your request.
So it's basically a cache
that it's only per request.
So every time a request is made to your
server, this cache gets created and
then it gets destroyed.
So it's not going to cause memory leaks.
But basically, this DataLoader is
something you would use to cache
the revolvers inside your GraphQL server.
There's plugins to allow this
to hook into Redis or MIM SQL or
other things that you are using.
So you could check that out, but
DataLoader is one that you can use to
cache the results of a database query.
You can also use traditional Redis if
you want to cache those, even Mongo,
if you index things right,
everything is in memory.
So that's just caching resolvers,
and that one's pretty simple,
then you move on to the next layer.
It's like, okay,
how do I cache at the network layer
where I want to cache the results?
Well, there's a couple ways you can do
that, it depends on your infrastructure.
Because by default, if you use GraphQL,
it's going to do a post request, and
then the query's in the body.
Most traditional caching strategies
cache on some URL-verb
combination with some headers.
And then that's how
they know how to cache.
Well, if the URL is always the same and
it's opposed by that, how do you do that?
So that's where it depends
on your infrastructure.
If you have an infrastructure where you're
creating your own CDN, in today's world,
which is pretty easy.
If we're using AWS Lambda@Edge,
if we're using Cloud for our workers.
If we're using something like fast.io or
fly.io, and
you can create your own
CDN with JavaScript.
Then you can just create a digest yourself
from the postbody, which is a unique URL,
then you can cache on that key.
So you can cache on your own key that
you created from the digest there and
you can cache on the network level.
The problem with that is,
as soon as somebody changes one field,
that whole cache is invalidated.
So the cache hit ratio might not be
that high depending on what your
API's used for.
If it's an internal API,
for your dashboard,
you're probably not changing requests
all the time, so that's fine.
But if it's a developer API, and
requests are coming in all the time.
Then the cache hit ratio is
probably going to be low, and
it's like, what's the point?
The next step up from that is, using some
of the built-in tools that Apollo has.
And they have something called,
man, their website, sheesh.
Okay, well I'm just going to type this in,
Apollo Engine, there we go, cool.
So they have something, well I guess
it's called the Apollo Platform now, but
it used to be called Apollo Engine.
It looks like the engine
is just one part of it.
But basically what this thing
allows you to do is to cache,
you can set cache control on a certain
level as far as like fields and types.
And then you proxy all of
the requests through their network.
Or you host it on your
own infrastructure and
they give you a sweet dashboard to
see what that caching looks like.
And they take care of the caching for
you, so that's one way you can do it.
I've never used Apollo Engine,
they have an open source component.
I've never opted in to use it, so
I can't speak if it's good or not.
As far as Graph QL goes,
these guys are pretty much experts so
I trust their product and
yeah, this is like a step up.
But if you have control over your own CDN,
there's nothing stopping you from just
caching it yourself in the network layer.
By creating a custom digest,
that's basically what we do.
We write our own CDN in JavaScript and
we just cache it based on the postbody and
we kind of go from there.
So it's not too difficult and then if you
add caching on the resolvers side, I mean,
you're always going to
be in memory anyway.
So you can keep things pretty fast,
so that's caching.
The other thing is just optimizing for
performance, optimizing for
performance is basically
not doing things like this.
So we have this createdBy that
like hits the database again, but
that was after it already hit
this database for this product.
So that keeps going and
hitting the database all the time,
even if that's cached, that's ridiculous.
So eventually what you do is you just
resolve everything in a top level
resolver.
So instead of passing everything
down like this, you can look
at the info object inside of one of
these top level queries of mutation.
To see exactly what they want and
then do the entire database query
right there in that one resolver.
And that way you don't have to
go down to the other ones and
then that's the way you do that.
So that was little more tougher because
you obviously have to look at the info
object and
determine what fields are being what.
And you have to develop a database
query that satisfies that, but
that's a preferred method because
that's less work on your database.
So I highly recommend doing that, yeah.
>> So along the lines of REST.
And REST with e-tags,
where you have preps tagged,
cache, version cache, and
then versions in your database.
Do you have a way of
doing that in GraphQL?
>> Yeah,
that's what this Apollo Engine is for,
I was trying to find a good example of it,
but all right.
>> So you just put the version
in the model then?
>> Right, they have, I don't know their
exact syntax, I've never used it.
But they have something like this, where,
actually no, I'm just going to show it,
I don't want to show
something that is not right.
Apollo cache server, okay, bring it back
to Apollo Engine, okay, let's see here.
Cache hints, here we go,
cacheControl, that's what it is.
So you can do stuff like this on
the schema level using Apollo Engine.
Where you can define whether it's
on a type, whether it's on a field,
you can define the max age and
scope and stuff like that.
And that's how you determine, and then
what they do is they used to, like I said,
you send your stuff to their proxy.
And they will help take care of it,
there's nothing stopping you
from doing this yourself.
This syntax right here,
like the cacheControl directive,
these are just directives,
you can use them, they are open source.
You can make them yourself, but you just
have to have the infrastructure that looks
at this and
knows what to do with it, so yeah.
Is it given to you for free?
No, can you make it?
Yes.